update read me file for Variable, vault, vaultGraphQl, version, webApi modules (#31474)
magento/magento2: app/code/Magento/Variable/README.md

# Magento_Variable module

> The Magento_Variable module allows the creation of custom variables for use in email templates or in the WYSIWYG editor when editing descriptions of system entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Magento_Variable module allows you to create custom variables for use in email templates or in the WYSIWYG editor when editing descriptions of system entities.
```

# Magento_Variable module

> The **Magento_Variable** module allows creating custom variables and then use them in email templates or in WYSIWYG editor for editing description of system entities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Magento_Variable module allows the creation of custom variables for use in email templates or in the WYSIWYG editor when editing description of system entities.
```

## Installation details

Before installing this module, note that the **Magento_Variable** is dependent on the following modules:

- Magento_Config
- Magento_Store

Before disabling or uninstalling this module, please consider the following dependencies:

- Magento_Cms
- Magento_Email

> Please find here [how to enable or disable modules in Magento 2](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/install-gde/install/cli/install-cli-subcommands-enable.html).

Reviewer 2: Change all these "Please find here..." to "Refer to [...) for more information."
